Add new event for June (#73)
AzugBe/azugbe.github.io: _posts/events/2019-06-13---iotedge-and-datascience.md

---
layout: single

> title: "2019-06-13 - IotEdge and Data Science in Production"

Reviewer: `IoT Edge` or `IoTEdge`?

date: 2019-06-13 18:00:00 +0000
comments: true
published: true
categories: ["events"]
tags: ["Events"]
author: Glenn Colpaert
---

> Want to learn everything about going into production with IotEdge and Data Science? Join this session and learn all about it.

Reviewer: Same here, what is correct?
```suggestion
Want to learn everything about going into production with Iot Edge and Data Science? Join this session and learn all about it.
```
